clip of useful a linebacker literally
chillin out right now ice bath first of
all for the fans out there describe what
this is like just sitting in a tub of
ice it's like paradise being all no less
warm water out here in the so it's gonna
toss home yeah Glenn your you definitely
open in some eyes this camping and it's
not the first time you know you've been
in a camp battle seems like your whole
career for that starting not what kind
of I don't know what would have you
learned in those previous competitions I
remember you and Tony going
neck-and-neck that safety spot in 09
what kind of things do you learn with
those battles that pay off every year
you know is this some different another
battle but uh just keep fighting an
adult never give up you know I'm saying
like nas in high school is just have
some injuries then we gave up just never
you do just never give up pretty much is
that something that is that a bitter
pill to swallow at first you know when
you were sophomore and you didn't win
that spot was it tough you know to it's
just to swallow that pill and then now a
couple years laters a little easier now
that you're going through it I mean yeah
as possible I mean but uh just if I
didn't I wouldn't be that one right now
at the same point so yeah if I gave up
before I wouldn't have in the top spot
my name right now so this is like for me
to be here again and like for me to
compete again so it's good thing
couldn't talk about a you know your
performance so far in camp Joe Tracy's
loving what you're doing right now I'm
working on all my techniques you know
Sam so I was just a big difference for
me yeah and decide you better I can't
wait till someone gets back and
everything push and help with the help
of the ones too so I wanna see it but
when you talk about the difference
between Sam and will and all the art
yeah same wheel and everything like that
that doesn't compare the difference
between safety to linebacker talk about
that transition and how that prepared
you for this point right now from
sanford ave yeah um whole different game
the whole different game a linebacker
closer of don't see as much but safety
you get to get to run around see every
bottle miss Beales so there's just got
to be a lot quicker as a linebacker i
guess for he reads nothing like that so
it's no difference but it helped out a
lot then you mentioned something a
couple seconds ago about technique and
just trying to get that ironed out as
physically you're built for linebacker
physically you're built for this this
game of football talk about technique
and and how important it is to learn
those little kind of tricks of the trade
that you weren't able to pick up as a
freshman because you just weren't out
the spot oh yeah I mean over years you
blowing the game better yeah so if you
process quicker then you can process
quickly get to a technique faster than
your opponent so just me being here for
my fifth year being here so that's not a
lot we got the new techniques and it
like that so it's good this is your
fifth year you're one of the few guys
hear that old and in one of the few guys
in that leadership role talk about the
difference between this team you know
back in away in the steel before that 07
right yeah oh seven and talk about this
team in 2011 yeah I guess for the senior
part about it uh we're pretty close you
do almost everything together so I mean
we have like a team-bonding Stern cuz he
had last night we got a lot closer so
little things like that we've never done
before but it helps out the team off the
field and on the foot just got off the
field you just haven't got on the field
so yeah so you know how you mentioned
the team bonding experience last night
you looked on Twitter last night and
look half the entire team was talking
about how this team was going to be big
this year and do good things and all
that kind of stuff talk about the
difference between just last year and
this year
regard it seems like night and day um I
will have twitter you're the one guy
yeah good for you it seems like this
team really has mon together this camp
and Ricky pushing we're gonna get some
pasta versi and we're gonna just and
fight through it this year something
good it's the Flynn love you see a
linebacker thanks man just chillin out
you